Fix Server Broadcast example (#1590)
websockets/ws: README.md

## Table of Contents

- [ws: a Node.js WebSocket library](#ws-a-nodejs-websocket-library)

>   - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)

Reviewer: I'm not sure if it makes sense to add the table of contents itself in the table of contents. Anyway no strong opinion.

Author: > I'm not sure if it makes sense to add the table of contents itself in the table of contents. Anyway no strong opinion.

Apologies for my blunder! :sob: 
Had a run-in with my formatter applying that automatically without me noticing.

I believe it's restored now after the commit I made.

Thanks for catching that! :+1:

Reviewer: Seems good can you please apply the two suggested changes above? The numbered list is not rendered correctly anyway. Other than that LGTM.

Author: > Seems good can you please apply the two suggested changes above? The numbered list is not rendered correctly anyway. Other than that LGTM.

Should be good now.
The suggestion violated a code style rule, which I addressed

### Server broadcast

> 1. A client web socket broadcasting to all connected web socket clients

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A client WebSocket broadcasting to all connected WebSocket clients, including itself.
```

   (including itself)

```js
const WebSocket = require('ws');

const wss = new WebSocket.Server({ port: 8080 });

wss.on('connection', function connection(ws) {
  ws.on('message', function incoming(data) {
    wss.clients.forEach(function each(client) {
      if (client.readyState === WebSocket.OPEN) {
        client.send(data);
      }
    });
  });
});
```

> 2. A client web socket broadcasting to every other connected web socket,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A client WebSocket broadcasting to every other connected WebSocket clients, excluding itself.
```

const wss = new WebSocket.Server({ port: 8080 });

wss.on('connection', function connection(ws) {
  ws.on('message', function incoming(data) {
    // Broadcast to everyone else.
    wss.clients.forEach(function each(client) {

>       if (client.readyState === WebSocket.OPEN) {

Reviewer: This is not ok as it now broadcasts to ALL clients including the sender of the message.

Author: Oh I see.
I couldn't figure it out from the code having looked at it for the first time.
In this context `client` is actually a client's web socket object and that wasn't obvious to me.

Got no obvious suggestion to make it more readable I'm afraid. :confused:
